Add analyzer info for detecting IntPtr/UintPtr behavioral changes (#64485)
dotnet/roslyn: docs/compilers/CSharp/Compiler Breaking Changes - DotNet 7.md

Also, implicit conversions between `IntPtr`/`UIntPtr` and other numeric types are treated as standard
conversions on such platforms. This can affect overload resolution in some cases.

> These changes could cause behavioral change in case the user code logic was depending on overflowing in
> unchecked context, or in case it was not expecting exception throwing when overflow in checked context. We added
> [an analyzer in 7.0](https://github.com/dotnet/runtime/issues/74022) to help detect such behavioral changes
> and take appropriate action. The analyzer would inform you with potential behavioral changes, you could increase
> the severity of the analyzer to get warnings instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These changes could cause a behavioral change if the user code was depending on overflow exceptions in an
unchecked context, or if it was not expecting overflow exceptions in a checked context. An analyzer was 
[added in 7.0](https://github.com/dotnet/runtime/issues/74022) to help detect such behavioral changes
and take appropriate action. The analyzer will produce diagnostics on potential behavioral changes, which default
to info severity but can be upgraded to warnings via [editorconfig](https://learn.microsoft.com/dotnet/fundamentals/code-analysis/configuration-options#severity-level).
```
